So, guys, going forward now, next, we will going to discuss that, how to create a executable by
linking your application with a dynamic library file.
Right.
So the problem statement is that how you will going to create an executable when you have a shared library
file that is stored as a file?
So you can see that in this case, your raw material consists of your shared library file, which is
called libidinal dot file.
And we already know how to create dot files and of course, your application source file, which represent
your application.
So our goal is to create a final executable so this can be done by following these four simple steps.
The first step is, of course, to compile the source file, which represents an application.
So here we have created an object files for all the source file, which represents an application.
Now, we have already assumed that you have already created the shared library file.
So the next thing that you need to do is to copy this shared library file in different location, such
as slash user slash slip.
So check out your system and you will find the spot.
Now, this part is actually a default path where all the shared libraries are kept, right?
So what basically you are doing, you are copying your shared library into this default path.
And after copying just from the on and the config, this come on is used to tell the operating system
that we have just updated the shared library files, which is kept in this directory.
So operating system will take a note of that and it will update its relevant database to include the
new shared library file that you have just added in this directory.
So after done with the step to simply, you need to create the executable by linking with the shared
library.
Now, you can see that this command is similar to the previous one, except that that you don't have
to specify the part of the library, why you don't have to specify the part of the library using minus
Ellsworth's because you have already copied your shared library into this default part.
Right.
So when you trigger the come on number three, the operating system automatically search for your library
liberty.
So in this default location.
Right.
And hence, your executables will be created.
And finally, you can run the executable.
So these are the steps that you should follow in order to create an executable after linking with the
shared library.
Please note that maybe on your machine, if you don't find this difficult part that is less user slash
slip, then you might also copy the file in the path slash user slash local slash lip so you can copy
or shared library file in one of these parts.
So these steps are pretty simple, I leave it as an exercise for you to try out these commands and create
a final executable.